hello guys this year from the gym Red
Sox trying to come up another meter
favorite dish for our customers is the
initiative what is it pork loin or you
can also do the field we go at it and
then mix of tea in come along so that's
what I'm going to do today so enjoy it
and hopefully learn so first we're going
to start with the pork loin what we have
right here is already cleaned and cut
it's actually not pork loin it is from
the pork butt area but it's a very nice
and tender and very tasty other than see
me anyway if it's a very clean cutlet
and tender meat at the park cutlet let's
are we call you put that on plastic wrap
like this and then you wrap it over on
the other side like this
and then you
just like that don't have much too much
you don't want to get an open it but you
wanna make it nice and flat and around
with signal for it maybe a quarter inch
of the right and now you can leave it
here and we start repairing the bread
you're gonna need to look flour then we
need the breading dry white bread
preferable some kind of or rolls you can
pretty much get anywhere needs to be
white and then we're going to get a
couple of eggs
you probably need only one but we just
gonna use to put it with it up put it in
a larger container then the way we're
going to start it is you're going to put
it in flour first very lightly
and then you're going to put it in the
act like this
and we're going to put it in the bread
now what I like to do now I'd like to
add a little salt to it and pepper what
I need to get
the little pepper I like black pepper
and a lot of people like white pepper
for it but I like the black pepper I
like the flavor of it now we will put in
the breading turn it around a little bit
take a little of the breading and then
very lightly press on press on the white
bread crumbs just like that
turn it around a couple of times always
a little messy but that's how it works
so now we got a knife schnitzel Braddock
and now we're going to go over to the
stove and cook it in kernel of it now
now we're going to cook the schnitzel in
canola oil and a nice large pan with
roughly a quarter inch of canola oil
needs to have a lot of worldly kind of
deep-fried not really fried but not and
try to deep-fried however you want to
call it but that's probably the best way
to do get it nice and hot nuts would but
it needs to be nice mark so when you put
it in need to stop bugging right away
just like it does here and then so I'm
we put into oil start bubbling and be
sauteed roughly for one minute one
minute on each side needs to get nice
and brown and crispy and it started
already right over here
turn around i'm going to look at it and
see that it looks nice the heat we eat
we need to have a lot of heat obviously
that's the commercial colvin Buster at
home you know you can adjust the heat
osv to make it nice and hard and now
it's having a nice color golden brown
several around one minute I get now
we're going to turn it around
lemon
and then we are almost we are almost
done maybe another 30 seconds and that
we have power famously dismissal from
the spices hammer restaurant in our
leader so that's a perfectly cooked
wienerschnitzel right there gold color
night night in frisbee and what what I
like to do the little oil I like to I
like to just touch it up lightly but
don't press it too much needs to be
needs to stay night with you and you
don't want to get rid of the braddock
the way we serve said is we can service
a lot of things we can serve it with
spaetzle the German pasta mashed
potatoes roasted potatoes french fries
and a lot of different things we
probably want to do that the next time
we're going to make some German roasted
potatoes but what we like to do with it
what is really good is we serve it with
a cup of lemon slices and there you go
and that's how our Wiener schnitzel and
what I like to do is eat it just like
that
here are me
you